chapels of gold over the river
white strawberries with fresh milk
i run on mowed grass
blue sky above me
I'm still a boy of 5 years old and my joy in battle
and my happiness fly
and
Grandma's tales of love and courage
where is good and true white light
grandfather you are medals for Berlin and for the program and
spring holiday table
I know that we are all together
and my lady's joy and my happiness
my
it all my dear it's somewhere in the depths of
this is the most holy
what remains in me is granite us to lie down
as god's grace this is what not
buy and not take away
indifferent time you will pass around
striking out native undergo me
addresses
we know profit and calculation but friend
friend stop seeing heaven
but
and when the building is hard for me I will say again
to myself
all evil
it all my dear it's somewhere in the depths of
this is the holiest thing left in me this
to cut us off like a god’s grace
this is something that there is no buy and do not take it away
do not buy and do not Atnya
my
alexander nicula and duarte
thanks thank you alexander nicholas
Alexander Thank you very much for such
penetratingly performing i think that
here by he crawled and sobbed thanks
huge i saw as maxim isaakovich
hesitated and still turned off the star
maxim for k hich you the word mycard here
when a person stays with a guitar and with
what other tool out there without knowing with
the piano alone without closing the phonogram
colors of sounds with the public are special
some thread which is not impossible
tear this one out.
it means at first she was very thin and
she kept me and then somewhere she
began to tear why because I saw
attach a voice that's on it
some sense of it is not even
professional and now my conviction
when you see that person here he is
he already said everything
yes he can sing a little louder a little louder
but he already said everything he had nothing to do
say in spite of what has increased
rhythm increased energy this
feeling and so i'm almost to the end
held out but I was already all clear
not interested here I could not imagine
overcome well what is the opinion
professionals you also pulled your
comment igor star please
Alexander the difficult performance
judge
talented people but we are here for this
sit in to something
something to be either unhappy or very
satisfied again was not pleased
fully share and maximus scream
what he said and it came to that
supplement really
this soulful was a song but she is so
and not so this time you did not reveal and
here is all the comfort over the other side
the joy of what we are here
still his songs about the well about Bryant
we lacked something
thank you singer zara impressed
the performance of alexander is therefore her word
alexander firstly thank you for choosing
songs I love creativity
Sergey Trofimov a little bit myself
held back
i understand that i am an actress myself i am
I understand that sometimes the composition is possible
sometimes fails sometimes excitement to give
embraces you
maybe this time you are not a little bit of us
squeeze like have involved and not squeezed
thank you very much this was our opinion
professional jury
Alexander nevertheless very worthy you
presented udmurtia thank you
huge let's see off alexander
Nikolai Udmurtia